8. 	MODIFICATION OF THE GAME.
a) BANDAI NAMCO reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Game or any features or portions thereof with prior reasonable notice and, in case of emergency or if absolutely necessary, without prior notice. You agree that BANDAI NAMCO will not be liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Game or any part thereof.
b) The Game is in beta. Your right to access and use the Game is limited in time to a period determined by BANDAI NAMCO in its sole discretion (the “Beta Period”).
i) From time to time, BANDAI NAMCO, in its sole discretion, may modify, impose limits on, restrict, suspend, terminate, or discontinue the Game or any aspect of the Game and your access to and use thereof, including resetting your play data, without any notice or liability to you. Modifications may include automatic software updates, upgrades, or removal of content or services that may cause a loss of data, content, functionality, or utility.
ii) The Game may contain defects, and a primary purpose of licensing the Game under this Agreement is for BANDAI NAMCO to obtain feedback on Game performance and identify defects. BANDAI NAMCO is under no obligation to provide technical support to you under the terms of this Agreement and provides no assurance that any specific errors or discrepancies in the Game will be corrected. You agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, BANDAI NAMCO is not liable for any loss of data, content, function, or utility or damage to your computer, data, and/or software. Your access to and use of the Game are entirely at your own risk.
iii) You agree to cooperate with BANDAI NAMCO's requests related to your access to and use of the Game, including BANDAI NAMCO’s requests to report any bugs and other issues that you discover in or related to the Game.
iv) You agree that you will not reveal or disclose any suggestions, feedback, or non-public data or information related to the Game (including, but not limited to, information about images, gameplay, or bugs in the Game) to any third parties without BANDAI NAMCO’s prior written consent.
v) At any time during the Beta Period, BANDAI NAMCO, in its sole discretion, may reset your play data (level, item) without any notice or liability to you.