9. 	IN-GAME CURRENCY AND VIRTUAL ITEMS.
a)	BANDAI NAMCO may offer you the ability to: (i) purchase a limited license to use in-game currency (“Purchased Game Currency”); (ii) earn a limited license to use in-game currency by performing specified tasks in the Game (together with the Purchased Game Currency, “Game Currency”); and/or (iii) earn a limited license, and/or purchase a limited license with Game Currency, to virtual goods and services made available by BANDAI NAMCO in the Game (“Virtual Items”). If BANDAI NAMCO offers the ability to purchase or earn such licenses, BANDAI NAMCO shall grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited right and license to use such Game Currency or Virtual Items, as applicable, for your personal, non-commercial use exclusively in the Game, subject to the terms of this Agreement and your compliance therewith.
b)	Game Currency may only be redeemed for Virtual Items for use in the Game and neither Game Currency nor Virtual Items are redeemable for money, any thing of monetary value, or for any monetary equivalent from BANDAI NAMCO or any other person or entity, except as otherwise required by applicable law. Game Currency and Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value in real currency and do not act as a substitute for real currency. Neither BANDAI NAMCO nor any other person or entity has any obligation to exchange Game Currency or Virtual Items for anything of value, including, but not limited to, real currency. You acknowledge and agree that BANDAI NAMCO may engage in actions that may impact the in-game attributes or perceived value of Game Currency and/or Virtual Items at any time, except as prohibited by applicable law. BANDAI NAMCO, in its sole discretion, may impose limits on the amount of Game Currency that may be purchased, earned, or redeemed.
c)	All purchases of Purchased Game Currency are final and are not refundable, transferable, or exchangeable under any circumstances, except as otherwise required by applicable law.  Except for the purchase price of Purchased Game Currency and certain Virtual Items, BANDAI NAMCO does not charge any fees for the access, use, or non-use of Game Currency or Virtual Items.
d)	You may not transfer, sell, gift, exchange, trade, lease, sublicense, or rent Game Currency or Virtual Items except in the Game and as expressly permitted by BANDAI NAMCO. Except as otherwise agreed herein, BANDAI NAMCO reserves and retains all rights, title, and interest in and to the Game Currency and Virtual Items.
e)	The licenses granted hereunder to Game Currency and Virtual Items will terminate upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 6, except as otherwise provided herein.